        OS : Windows 8
        Info : 
        Yu & Ai are the Microsoft Japan mascots for Windows 8,  which first appeared in an 
        article about the two mascots for Windows 8 on October 11th, 2012. Before this article, 
        one can see the silhouette of Yu Madobe at the end of a music video entitled Through 
        The Window by MasatakaP and Electrocutica, that was the opener for Microsoft Developer Days 
        in japan, and which stars Claudia Madobe,with a quick appearance by Nanami Madobe at the end 
        shortly before the silhouette is seen.

        Not much about these -tans are known, such as personality, or height, etc... only time will 
        yield that information.

        Theory

        (NOTE: This is not OSC canon and is theory by an OSC user. Take information with a grain of salt...)

        It is possible that Yu represents Windows RT while Ai represents Windows 8. Reason this is possible 
        is because Ai being older than Yu, combined with the similar appearances, and Yu's more moe poses and 
        appearance compared to Ai's more professional and serious poses, could be a reference to Windows RT 
        and Windows 8, with 8 Being the oldest and more professional (having beta releases before its official
        release), and Windows RT being a tablet OS with the same UI as Windows 8, but having no x86 application
        support and only usable on ARM devices, making it more of a os to play with than something for professional
        work (despite being bundled with Office RT).

        In Japan, one can buy 2 special editions of Windows 8 DSP which includes theme packs for Yu or Ai, 
        as well as the accompanying sounds. Furthermore, in the Akihabara shopping district one can by a limited 
        edition of these versions of Windows 8 DSP that include extra voices not contained in the regular Yu & Ai editions, 
        as well as the Microsoft Wedge Mouse included will have an illustration on it of either Yu or Ai. 